QKSMS Privacy Policy 


This privacy policy governs your use of the software application QKSMS, for mobile devices that was created by the QK team.
The Application is QKSMS is a replacement application for Android stock sms apps, that allows the sending and receiving of SMS and MMS messages via your mobile carrier.
The content of your SMS and MMS messages are only ever transported via your mobile carrier. All communication in this respect is between your mobile device and your mobile carrier. We are not involved in this communication and as such do not collect any personal information.
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

if TeamQk is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.

In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. 
Mixpanel and Amplitude analytics data is sent when user taps "Rate" or "Dismiss" when asked to rate the app, or when they tap "Upgrade" button.

We may also use certain non-personal information to internally analyze, develop and improve our products.
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

We take seriously the security of all information associated with the app and take all reasonable precautions to protect this information.

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy [HERE].
You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, 
Contact Us via the following:
Email: team@qklabs.com.
Github: https://github.com/moezbhatti/qksms.
